hi and welcome to I'm mobile rescue com
it's delightful seeing you here
hopefully you're here scoping out
solutions to fix your broken ipad 2 3 4
air or mini because guess what we can
help our repair service will replace
your cracked glass with a brand-new
pristinely functional iPad screen for
far less than it will cause you to take
the device to Apple we figured we make
this video to explain the mail and
repair process to make you feel both
comfortable and informed so let's talk
details first there's the checkout
process how this works is just like any
other cart or e-commerce platform on the
web where you simply add to your cart
whatever a pair you're in need of you
can click get this repair or add to cart
depending on which page you're on our
system will automatically add your
repair to your shopping cart then hit
proceed to checkout or on the top right
corner of the site just hit the check
out link now it's time to fill in your
return shipping information that is the
name and address we will be shipping
your fixed iPad back to once you've done
that select your shipping option you
have the option to have us generate and
email you a prepaid pre-addressed United
States Postal Service label which you
can simply print out and take to any
post office in the country with the
device and ship out to I mobile rescues
repair center that option covers both
ways to us and back to you you also have
the option to ship it yourself with your
own carrier with your own arrangements
we have two options with that shipping
preference one is you can purchase your
own return label for the route back to
you and include it in your box or you
can choose for us to generate the return
label and use our carrier back to you
the shipping drop down box explains
these options with their respective
prices pretty clearly once you select
your shipping preference simply pay for
the repair securely with a credit or
debit card or use paypal choice is yours
if you look on the top left of the
address bar on top of the website you'll
see a little green lock icon that
indicates that this site is a hundred
percent secure and you can proceed with
your payment we use bulletproof ssl
technology to secure the payment process
alright let's talk packaging because
we're sure you're wondering if you use
our prepaid option to email you a label
the label will specify the use of the
specific post office box called a medium
flat rate box the great news that box is
that every post office in the country so
your local post office will have the box
just print the label take it there ask
for a medium flat rate box put your iPad
in the box and tape the label to the top
of it put whatever level of padding
you're comfortable with which can
actually be bubble wrap newspaper or
even padded envelopes that the post
office has if you're choosing your own
shipping carrier all carriers have boxes
at their location as well as padding UPS
and FedEx certainly do so you can take
care of all that stuff once you get to a
FedEx or UPS location if you're using
the United States Postal Service and
don't want to use our label they have
that stuff too alright now let's talk
turnaround time all devices are
completed within one to three days of
being received at our repair center and
most of the time devices are done in two
days once your iPad is fixed sealed and
tested it'll be immediately boxed up and
shipped out to your return address the
transit time on most carriers and with
our usps option is one two three days
and gets delivered in two most of the
time so you're fixed iPad will be back
into doorstep or business in no time and
that's it our repair option is both a
money and a time saver you can order the
repair from the comfort of your own home
or office print the shipping label or
use your own and simply drop the device
off at a post office or other courier
service will receive the iPad fix it all
up make it look new again and ship it
right back to you lastly we figured we'd
answer some of the most frequent
questions we get from some of our
customers number one do you fix dented
aluminum yes it's part of most repairs
we have advanced processes and precision
machinery that fixed dented aluminum for
all ipads so no worries we got you cover
their number to do you use good quality
glass we sure do we fix iPads for some
of the most prestigious companies in
America like Crayola victaulic wise
snacks and hundreds of national chains
restaurants and school districts with
those guys on our roster we can't mess
with the cheap stuff hourglass is
pristine down to the finest detail we
use original material with original flex
cables even down to the finest of
cosmetic elements like Apple's
fingerprint oil protectant layer with us
you're getting the real deal and finally
is there a warranty on your repairs
there most certainly is we offer a
standard six month warranty on all of
our repairs that covers the
responsiveness of your new screen our
aim is to be fair so if we determine
that you had a bad part what
place it simple as that so let's get
started order your repair today let's
get that ipad looking good as new again
let's save you some money